test-addfileexists: fail
test-addfilepath: fail
test-addmkdircombo1: fail
test-addmkfsdircombo2: fail
test-addmkfsmkdircombo3: fail
test-addnameinpathmissing: fail
test-addnoargs: pass
test-addnomount: fail
test-addnotenoughargs: pass
test-addokay: fail
test-addpathdoesntexist: fail
test-addtoomanyargs: pass
test-mkdir2inarow: pass
test-mkdirbeforemount: pass
test-mkdirfilepath: fail
test-mkdirinroot: pass
test-mkdirmultipath: pass
test-mkdirnoargs: pass
test-mkdirokay: pass
test-mkdirsametwice: pass
test-mkdirtoomanyargs: pass
test-mkfslistnomount: pass
test-mkfsmkdir1: fail
test-mkfsmkdir2: fail
test-mkfsmkdirnotenoughinodes: fail
test-mkfsmountokay: pass
test-mkfsnoargs: pass
test-mkfsnotenoughargs: pass
test-mkfstoomanyargs: fail
week 12: 15/29
