test-catbeforemount: pass
test-catdir: pass
test-catfiledoesntexist: pass
test-catfile: pass
test-catnoargs: pass
test-cattoomanyargs: pass
test-emptyfile: pass
test-exit: pass
test-firstdisk-lsall: pass
test-help: fail
test-inodebeforemount: pass
test-inodedir: pass
test-inodefiledoesntexist: pass
test-inodefile: pass
test-inoderoot: pass
test-inodetoomanyargs: pass
test-istatbeforemount: pass
test-istatinodedoesntexist: pass
test-istatnodedir: pass
test-istatnodefile: pass
test-istatroot: fail
test-istatwrongargtype: pass
test-listbeforemount: pass
test-magic: pass
test-mountemptyfile: fail
test-mountnoargs: pass
test-mountnodisk: pass
test-mounttoomanyargs: pass
test-mounttwice: pass
test-noinodes: fail
test-quit: pass
test-shabeforemount: pass
test-shadir: pass
test-shafile: pass
test-shanoarg: pass
test-wrongcommand1: pass
test-wrongcommand2: pass
week 07: 33/37
